mateus and vanessa have been singing together for two
years and before forming the pair sang
in different bands of the company 's board
and from there we started to sing
together
from then on the partnership worked out today
they sing at private parties and
still perform in other cities of the
region
mateus's passion for music began
early
play with nine years with three years was the
teacher and until today I play
professionally
already vanessa university student but the
Music has always been present for
publicize the work mateus vanessa
had the idea of ​​putting together a video
music composed by them and put in the
Internet
the cherry hit of simple chorus seems to be
easy fix on the head of whoever hears the
music is czech
I want to see you pee
and it is not that the idea of ​​the internet gave
right in less than a week the clip already
had more than 4 thousand hits
that is to say 10% of the population of porangatu
People already have a shooting title.
bye bye then I said it for real
keep our style is that the Czech
Bye, we're trying to get there.
arrive on a television program
famous for why we are
looking for many hits
the more access people can get
The more chance we have to show in the
television to mount the mateus clip
vanessa counted on the participation
from this nice girl the raw and
friends of singers
now we'll get to know one
of the main attractions of the
double that is how it is ending
now come from mateus's uncle and
the girls who participated
special in the clip
Look at their animation
I will stay under explains closely how it is
that's how many people fit in this
vehicle
Look, people do not understand either, do you think it's?
equal to too much heart always more
the bond gap
I want to see you here , to pee in the
floor and yes I am World Judo IJF